most people think that once you can
touch your toes you've reached hamstring
flexibility except that's not really the
case cuz you can take it way further
than most people even ever try I'm not
saying you need to have the ability to
hug your legs as tight as Jesus loves
you or touch your elbow to your toe but
if you do have that ability you can kick
bad guys in the face or in the very
least ask them to smell your toes not
sure why you would want to do that but
it is just three steps to get there Step
One nerve floss for 30 slow reps this is
mostly just to get warmed up and to tell
your nervous system it's okay to stretch
this far then active stretch basically
find your hamstring stretch and then
press your heel down so the hamstring
forces to flex do two to three sets of
30 long uninterrupted seconds let's go
and lastly passive stretch which means
you're going to be relaxing your
hamstrings instead of flexing them while
you stretch hold for two to three more
sets of barely tolerable but not painful
30second sets stay flexy